You know, one of the things that's very hard to believe when you're 22 or 23 years old is that you don't already know everything. - Jeff Bezos http://www.floatinguniversity.com/lectures--2
Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities; truth isn't. - Mark Twain
http://theoatmeal.com/comics/plane
www.fallen.io/ww2/

Peace is a difficult thing to measure. Its a bit like counting all the people who didnt die in all the wars that never happened. We give such importance to the word 'peace', but we dont tend to notice it when it occurs. Sometimes it takes reminding ourselves of how terrible war once was to see the peace that has been growing around us. Of course, this trend may not continue, but the longer the long peace grows, the more significant it becomes. So if watching the news doesnt make us hopeful about where things are headed, watching the numbers, might.

Machine Learning and Parenting correlation. Knowledge coupled with freedom is good. Only freedom can goof things up. Dont just take half. Knowledge or freedom alone can not lead to good training/learning. Knowledge can be bad, absent or good. We are learning entities. We learn from everything about knowledge, about using it. Knowledge can be borrowed or learned. The task of a good parent is to provide good knowledge in the right way.

There are 2 ways to deal with a problem. Hacks and Solutions. Hacks are as important for progress as the solutions, but while divising and using them know exactly what they are, hacks, not solutions.

Everything has a reason. Not necessarily a purpose. Reason and purpose are very different things, in fact they are opposite in some sense.

Democracy, Average public opinion, how people beave better (conforming to harmony) in crowds, AI that learns to value humans from humans.

The pile of sand paradox (until when is it a pile?). We are not the material, we are the information. A pile of n sand particles is different from a pile of n-1 sand particles because they dont represent the same information. Quantum Teleportation? Uploading brains?

Revenge is the only emotion that can give a purpose (however pointless) in life when you have lost all hope. It is a very strong emotion. - Inspired from Man in the high castle

How pro-social psychopaths can lead a normal life, solely based on logic. Most of our ethics are based on emotions that were naturally selected during evolution. We exist in a harmonious society today because of this combination of emotions. But harmony is good for the long term survival of humanity as (currently) the only known receptacle of consciousness and knowledge. Thus being ethical and harmoneous as a purely logical decision is possible and in some sense valuable. Like using renewable sources of energy is not an emotional decision, because although it destroys ecosystems and kills living beings, it does not hit us as a responsibility. Using renewable energy is a logical decision for a harmonious goal. Pro-social psychopaths must use such logical thought trains for all their ethical decision making.
